once again this year we asked parents to
tell their kids they ate all their candy
this is our eighth year doing this and
once again you really answered the call
we got over a thousand videos we went
through although then we narrowed it
down to the best of the best and now
it's time to find out just how easy it
is to take candy from babies in our 2018
youtube challenge
hey Jimmy Kimmel I told my kids I ate
their Halloween candy I could get sick
because we eat too much candy because we
ate too much candy we're gonna have to
poll mommy and daddy got really hungry
last man we ate all your candy but it's
all gone but ate all of your Halloween
candy last night I'm so disappointed
I hate all your sweets when you're in
the bath you mad
you're not mad I ate all your candy hey
I don't never be mad at you Carrie
you're my mom you're too sweet it's
gross ate all your Halloween candy
very disappointed I'm sorry I love you I
ate all the M&Ms Starbuzz you want to
eat the other starburst I'm sorry you
like Jimmy Kimmel yeah okay Jimmy Kimmel
told me to ate all your candy
have some broccoli in the fridge one
carrot yeah you still love me if I eat
it all yeah mommy sorry she ate all your
candy that's okay that's okay you're so
sweet
I can't jam with you you can we ate all
of your Halloween candy
Oh where's all your candy then you don't
believe that I ate it yeah wait Jimmy
Kimmel do you know how many years do you
think you're gonna get away
sorry kids I guess we'll find out and
thanks all the parents who participated
hi I'm Judy Kimmel I hope you enjoyed
that video hit subscribe and all your
dreams will come true assuming your
dreams are to watch more YouTube videos